With one act of defiance, mankind became lost.
Alienated from the life that belongs to God,
sin and death have become inescapable for every human born on earth,
with the exception of one, Jesus Christ.
He used his God-given powers to heal sicknesses.
Feed thousands.
He even resurrected people back to life.
Jesus performed many miracles while on earth.
But are they simply a collection of stories from the past
or clues to something far grander?
A glimpse into a wondrous future?
A future where God will satisfy the desire of every living thing.
The real life.
But God promises to each of his faithful servants.
How can this beautiful future be possible?
Because of what Jesus did for us?
He came to earth for a purpose.
He gave his life for those he loved.
The curse of inherited sin and death could now be lifted from each one of us.
If we look intently to Jesus, we will no longer be lost.
He will show us the way to the Father.